The Joe Rogan experience.
How often do you come across people that will fight you tooth and nail to the
death to hold onto those preconceived?
Rawat exactly a simple.
One. I came across was even involved with this COVID stuff was trying to talk to
people about how the,
the ma the mainstream media has had bad narratives from the get, you know,
be it, they were given bad information,
but they doubled down on it all the time. Or if it's the who,
and they're running interference for China, whatever, right?
There's all this manipulation going on around something that is not,
that is, it's not subjective viruses. Aren't subjective. You just,
you can't play this game with that kind of thing.
And people would fight me tooth and nail to
defend the mainstream media over it. And I go,
look here's example 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, look at how they're all wrong. They're up.
They're doing this, they're politicizing.
And they're doing all these different things for different reasons,
but none of it is really for your own betterment of understanding and to be
safer and healthier. And, or even just to say,
we still don't know yet,
because we just don't have the data and people fight tooth and nail over this,
because there's so many people that do use the current media apparatus as their
mainstream sense-making apparatus. And if you tear that away from them,
now they have to sit back and go, what do I really know? Right.
What is the reality of what I think truth is? What is,
what is the metric upon understanding now that you've just shown me that?
And of course, even at its best, of course,
media is going to be faulty at times because it's just made up of people, right?
We're always going to be imperfect. We're always going to make mistakes,
but there is no admitting of mistakes anymore.
There's no saying I was wrong. We were wrong. There's also a problem.
With mainstream media. And it's the same problem that we have with the police.
You're giving people an inordinate amount of power.
And when you give people that amount of power,
they don't want to ever let it go.
And they don't ever want to say they're wrong and they don't ever want to admit
fault, and they don't ever want to open the door to nuance. Correct.
And that's what you see with whether it's CNN or Fox news or any of these,
they have this idea that they've been selling you,
whether it's this idea about Russia,
whether it's the idea about COVID was the idea about Trump was the idea about
Biden. I mean, they're selling you some and it's,
uh, it's very, very difficult to get an unbiased perspective on the.
World. They came after you for no reason, you know,
they would write all this kind of completely disingenuous, uh, uh,
just narrative driven, around you,
a person who brings people on and has conversations and tries to tries to,
um, flourish. That idea of the, the,
what are they gonna be marketplace of ideas,
like having conversations and trying to earnestly and sincerely explore things
and try to have a better grip on the world and try to better orient themselves
towards just knowing and knowledge,
in addition to even having a good time about it being well, it's a competitive.
Thing, too. Of course, if someone reaches a point where they're re they're,
they're interacting with too many people and they have this potential to really
influence things in terms of the political process,
in terms of the way people view things that becomes very dangerous for people
that have a different perspective on things or people that are
connected to a traditional machine, true, whether it's, uh,
newspapers or whether it's, you know, and I've,
I have friends in both those things. I have friends in media and I have friends.
I've people that have apologized for things that other people have written.
I'm like, listen, man, it's part of the game. You're not going to rattle me.
I'm okay. I get it.
Except you're not, you're not sitting here saying that it's okay.
But what you're saying is I know what the landscape looks like.
I know what I expect. Yeah.
I understand humans. I understand why people would attack me.
And I understand why you even look at very small
things that are taken out of context and develop your own perception of me.
That's an accurate, I get it. I don't, I'm not angry about it. Correct.
But I don't, I don't want,
I don't want it to be any different.
That's up. I.
Kinda like, I like the madness. I know what you feel. I,
I, I wouldn't on a personal level. I can relate to that. Yes.
World was logical, a person like me wouldn't have no.
Place where someone just.
Comes from doing some live stream on a laptop.
And then 10 years later has hundreds of millions of downloads.
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't know. I think you're tapping into something that is universal. Uh,
I think that, you know, when it comes to like, uh,
I love studying history and, and,
and religion because those are some of the oldest insights into the way people
think, and the way people act and within these frameworks are tons of,
uh, windows into human thought process and psychology.
And it's the same as yours. It,
none of it has changed over the oldest religious texts,
the oldest historical things. We can find the stories that exist, the myths,
all these things, they're all this,
this is the same over and over and over again.
The first time I ever saw that was reading the Haga Caray and seeing that the
complaints and the issues of criticisms that this monk who is a former samurai
had of his current era in the 19th century are the same criticisms and problems
and the same issues with people's, uh, actions,
deriving from the same human places of insecurity and
psychological element. It's all the same. And nothing has changed.
Like we're not any different than a person in the sixth century, uh, in,
in the Roman empire or anything like that. Then, then anybody, this, this era,
we're not different people. We have different technology. We have,
we have different communication in terms of which language you use, but no,
we don't act differently. We're not driven from different impulses. We're not,
you know, we're not Russo, we're not a blank slate. You know? Um, I don't,
I don't buy that concept at all because history would look so much radically
different,
but doesn't and I've written you so many times.
And at times,
whoever has your old number was probably incredibly confused about what the
is this guy talking about, but, uh,
about how I think a person like you is critical
to what towards the interaction of the current, um,
paradigm is you are a necessity because right,
wrong, whatever your personal opinion is, is whatever.
It's the fact of creating the ability for people to get out here and speak.
Nobody ever had Tulsi Gabbard and, uh,
Bernie Sanders in a place to feel more open. And I'll say,
as politicians, they probably weren't as open as they could be,
but they're politicians in this current
paradigm of the Western politician, who knows are legitimately sincere.
Any of those are,
but this has been probably the only place that you could have had someone like
that and allowed it to S to that window, into their,
their least politicians, self. You know, I got to sit here and listen to,
uh, Andrew Yang, talk about UBI and be like, nah, dude, I don't,
I don't buy it, but I like you, you know, I'm like you,
I like you. Uh, or it's just,
it's just a matter of not being so pent up on, oh God, well.
My narrative, my, my ideology.
My, my, I gotta, tribalized all this.
And to such a degree that I have to tear down everything else around me,
so the mind can exist. And that even goes to, with this,
this bourbon or anything I do, like I don't need to,
I don't need to cut other things down from mine to rise to two for other
people to enjoy it. You don't have to,
you don't have to tear apart the mainstream media for years to exist.
You know, now mind you, the mainstream media tries to destroy you all the time,
but.
What is this players in the media? The media.
Itself is just a, it's just a pathway for people to express themselves.
It's very limited. I would say.
Among a lot of things, like there is a, a good, uh,
for a term that I really liked, it's called managerial elites.
And so most things are big bureaucratic,
uh, um, structures that have managers. And it's just all managers everywhere.
We're all operating into that human resource paradigm that, and they don't.
They don't managers don't usually create anything.
And this is not to say that managers aren't an important thing.
I think managers are very important,
but how many times has anybody worked in a place where they have
management that has,
is so divorced from the creative or from the,
the actuality of creating a product or maintain or, or whatever the,
the job role is.
And yet these people are making decisions all the time and bleeding into telling
people how to do their job instead of managing people,
to be able to be best at their job. They're invested.
In it as well,
because they have mortgages and they have bills and they have all,
they want the money to keep rolling in.
So their idea is to make sure that whatever this thing that they're doing,
whether it's a newspaper, whether it's a television show,
they want to make sure that they stay in the most wide
mainstream of lanes. It's going to bring in the most money.
And that's the weird part about media in general is that it's motivated by
people that are trying to seek a profit. That's what they're doing.
And there's a giant machine behind them.
We have two video editors and Jamie that's the whole deal.